This is little java application to help practice the skill of touch-typing.

To compile and run the program, try the following steps.

1. Download the source code:

cd ~
git clone https://github.com/tbonelaforge/typing.git

2. Compile the source code. The main entry point is Typing.java.

cd ~/typing
javac Typing.java

3. Run the program.

java Typing



HOW TO PLAY THE GAME:


1. Type the letter sequence displayed below the text box, 
   and press space bar.

2. Repeat this until the program adds a new letter.

3. If you "like" this sequence of letters, or think you could make a 
   word with it, type it, and press space bar.
   If you don't like this sequence, or you don't think you 
   could ever make a word with it, press '?'.

4. Typing the question mark will always "back you up" one letter,
   that is, it will tell the program that you don't ever want to see
   that letter in that sequence again. 
   For example, if you had the letter sequence:

   samj

   and you typed '?', you would end up with

   sam

   and you will never see the sequence "samj" again.

   Also, if only one letter is being displayed, typing '?' will remove that letter, and replace it with a new one. 

5. When you get a letter sequence that you think is a word, type the full word, and then type '!'.
   This will signal the program to score it for you, and it will check the word against the lexicon.

6. When you succesfully score points on a word, you can either keep 
   working with the same sequence by pressing space bar, 
   or move to a new one by pressing the enter key.

7. You'll start out with four sequence "seeds" which will cover
  different areas of the keyboard.  You'll have to figure out what words are 
   possible for a given seed based on its row and side properties.  
   Understanding and visualizing the word possibilities for a given 
   seed is the key to getting high scores.  Remember that if you get a "bad seed"
   (all consonants for example) you can always keep backing up with the '?' until
the seed's properties get randomized again.

8. You can "use up" a seed by making a certain number of words with it, and it will 
   go away.  When all your seeds go away, you may be eligible to go up 
   a level.  Your level score will then be compared with 
   that level's "score to beat." If you beat the required score, your
   level score will be added to your  total score, and you will be 
   asked if you want to move up a level. If not, then you can quit, or
   try the same level again.
